Blog Post - Debugging skillz (#47741)
supabase/supabase: apps/www/_blog/2026-07-24-agent-skill-debugging.mdx

---
title: 'Introducing the Supabase Debugging Skills'
description: 'The Supabase agent skill now includes a debugging workflow: isolate the failing layer, narrow log queries, and fix the root cause instead of scanning everything.'
author: jordi,steven_eubank
imgSocial: 2026-07-08-agent-skill-debugging/og.jpg
imgThumb: 2026-07-08-agent-skill-debugging/thumb.jpg
categories:
  - product
tags:
  - ai
  - skills
  - debugging
  - developer-tools
date: '2026-07-08'
toc_depth: 2
---

> The [Supabase agent skill](https://github.com/supabase/agent-skills) now includes a debugging workflow. [Install the skills in your agent](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/ai-tools/ai-skills), and when your agent hits a Supabase error it reproduces it, isolates the layer that caused it, and queries the logs for evidence, instead of scanning every log source and hoping something turns up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Supabase agent skill](https://github.com/supabase/agent-skills) now includes a debugging workflow. When your agent hits a Supabase error, it reproduces the error, isolates which service produced it, and runs one narrow log query against that exact source, instead of scanning every log source with no time bound.

The skill is built from the same investigation approach Supabase's own engineers already use to debug production issues, adapted here for customer-safe use through the `get_logs` MCP tool.
```

Author: why not link to the installation page?

```sql
create policy "read own rows" on your_table for select
to authenticated using ((select auth.uid()) = user_id);
```

Or take a `500` on a form submission. The agent finds it in `edge_logs`, follows the request id or timestamp into `postgrest_logs`, and from there into `postgres_logs`, where the actual SQL error is sitting in `event_message`. Same loop, different layer.

## How to use it

Install the skill, then ask your agent to debug:

```bash
npx skills add supabase/agent-skills
```

The agent uses `get_logs` and `get_advisors` through the Supabase MCP server when it's connected, or the Logs Explorer directly, to gather evidence before proposing a fix.

- [Debugging Supabase issues](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/telemetry/debugging)
- [Supabase Agent Skills on GitHub](https://github.com/supabase/agent-skills)
- [Supabase MCP setup guide](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/getting-started/mcp)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Agent Skills guide](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/ai-tools/ai-skills)
```
